[Music]
hello we are students of the university
autonomy of the faculty of
dentistry we will present the technique to
help later higher
[Music]
the necessary instruments to perform
this technique is a mirror
the explorer
tweezers
charcoal
the long needle
anesthetic with vaso constrictor in this
If lidocaine with epinephrine 2% and
cotton
[Applause]
[Music]
they are atomic to identify are
exclusively integral first and
second molar
groove bottom
your maxillary speed
and the space I tell you maxilla
the injection point are the small
buildings that are in the
tuberosity of the maxilla these
they are 12 3 centimeters by
over the rim or cross to the third
molar the patient must have the mouth
almost closed to avoid the
interference from the apophis crown today of
the mandibular must move the jaw
lower towards the special Havana
click on the bottom of the lobby just
behind the apophis and zygomatic at
level of the second molar the needle should
be long and it goes back and forth
up always in contact with the bone
the coal must be at an angle of 45
degrees
later it will move with a
30 degree ambulance
to reach the tuberosity of the maxilla
one centimeter of the
cartridge in this case and on the way with
2% epinephrine in our patient who
you can 55 kilos your maximum dose of
cartridges are 10
remove the needle from the same angulation
with which I enter
This technique is indicated in surgeries
of soft kilos in simple extractions
multiple and surgical in the advancement of
tooth hospitals and in surgeries
prosthetic
advantages is a quick technique and the
necessity is immediate and profound
allows access to surgery of region of
molars and maxillary sinus a single technique
for the molar region avoiding toxicity
impatient disadvantages of vehicles is
complicated to identify repairs
anatomical and you also run the risk
of complications since the structures
vascular and nervous are in the
maxillary interior space
may be the risk of structures
vascular how to help télam sharpen
internal and flexo - another video
causing hemorrhage in space and you
I say muscular venous sinus thrombosis
porn from Arauca and there may also be
externally attributed muscle injury